# Result and Explanation  
This analysis aim to make a regression model to predict house price in Chicago. We have 9 variables which can be viewed in the data source link. In this analysis “condition” variable is not used in the model because it is a nominal categorical variable. Therefore, only 7 independent variable used in this analysis and price as dependent variable. </br> </br>
First, the dataset contained missing values in some variables. To deal with that problem, missing values are removed from the dataset, this is the part of data cleaning process. 128 data without missing values are used for the next step. After making a regression model with 7 dependent variables and checked are the model meet the assumption it was found that the model required non multicolinearity, normality of residuals, and no autocorrelation between residuals. However, based on breush pagan test it was found that there was problem with homoscedasticty assumption. </br> </br>
Heteroscedasticy problem can happen because size of residuals difers across values of an independent variable. So making a regression model that residual of square being a independent variabel, we’ll find which variables which are affect the error term, to make it simple that variables are removed from the model. “Lot” ,”Tax”, “Garage” was the three variables that affected residual of square. Tax was the firs variable removed from the model. Because, based the early regression model this variable wasn’t affect the house price. But, it didn’t overcame the problem yet. “Lot” and “Garage” affected the house price, but “Garage” gave the more effect to house price variable. So “Lot” was also removed from the model. In the end 5 variables used in regression model. This model have required all the assumptions. </br> </br>


